So cutting to the chase, I share a room with a friend (different beds but only 3-4 feet away) and he tested positive last Wednesday. He is pretty sure (but not totally confirmed) he got it from his family at Thanksgiving that previous Thursday but the first symptoms he experienced (loss of taste/smell) didn't occur until the most recent Thursday evening (one week after being exposed). He's doing fine for now other than that and just isolating.

With regard to me, I was extremely concerned that I was also positive. The first time I saw him in person after Thanksgiving was three days later last Sunday night when we had dinner together. In the days following we were together quite a bit and literally slept in the same room as each other. He did have a runny nose and that's what made him get tested Wednesday. Now obviously I've been isolating since then and got tested three times. I was also tested on Wednesday which came back negative, another test on Thursday after finding out came back negative, and I'm waiting on a test I took yesterday. So far I have no symptoms and can still taste / smell. I could very well just be asymptomatic but if this third test from yesterday comes back negative should I be feeling a little better about my chances of actually having it? I'm going again either Monday or Tuesday and if those results are negative then I'll definitely be much more reassured but just wondering in the meantime. And for sure will be isolating regardless until the end of this week if I'm still negative and without symptoms.
Below are some links about them to get to know and understand their contributions to society.
[AviS](https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/06/12/1002838/avi-schiffmann-17-year-old-guide-building-pandemic-protest-tracker/)
[AviS](https://www.geekwire.com/2020/teen-built-popular-coronavirus-tracking-website-covid-19-calls-pretty-terrible/amp/)
[NikhilR](http://(https://www.educationtimes.com/article/editors-pick/76708465/young-achiever-bengaluru-student-develops-polymer-that-can-help-filter-viruses))
[NikhilR](https://m.timesofindia.com/city/bengaluru/bengaluru-teen-develops-compound-to-filter-chemicals-viruses/articleshow/76489756.cms)


 

So my partner and I were planning on having her parents stay with us over Christmas and her BIL, his new GF and BILs son were going to come to spend Christmas day with us too.

My partner and I are both diabetic so are at quite high risk and have been taking all of the rules very seriously. BIL on the other hand, has said from the very start, 'Covid isn't real', 'it's no worse than the flu', 'the country has been brainwashed' etc etc. He even said that we are being hysterical for being concerned about the extra risk we are at with our health condition.

So, I sent a message to the group WhatsApp basically asking that in the week before Christmas could people try to limit time spent at places where they risk picking up Covid to keep us all safe so the little'n could have a great Christmas.

Now, we do not feel we asked anything unreasonable and we did not set these as strict rules, just a request to keep us all as safe as possible.

He responded by saying basically, 'we will carry on doing what we want and you can decide if you want us there'. Which has obviously upset us as he clearly values going to the gym or some shit over keeping everyone safe.

He also said that they will be seeing his GFs family in the days before too. Now, in the UK that is against the rules as we are in tier 2 and they will be going inside GFs family's house. Even if they do this on the 23rd or 24th it would still be breaking the rules as the Christmas bubbles are fixed, you can't be a part of two different bubbles.

So now MIL and FIL are getting involved saying that we are being childish making "demands" when we should have just spoken to BIL first. But he is beyond speaking to. He's one of these ones that is so convinced he is right that amount of reason will make a difference, you know the type.

M & FIL are saying that we need to compromise so that everyone can have Christmas together, but have made no effort whatsoever to speak to BIL and asking him to compromise. They're asking us what they are going to tell little'n, but it's not us they should be asking, they should be asking BIL. So we now have said that we are going to go to my parents instead and their response was 'well what about us?'. And we have basically interpreted that to mean that they only really care about somewhere to stay.

BIL has never showed them any respect and has never had any respect for Covid rules, but M & FIL are defending him adamantly saying that he has been "reasonable" in saying that he won't make any changes to keep us safe and it's up to us to uninvite him.

So, are we the assholes here?
I don’t necessarily know if I have COVID but my dad had it and I was in close contact with him for a day or 2 so I was told I had to quarantine by the CDC my quarantine is technically done today but since Monday 12/1 I felt like garbage with no taste or smell. 12/6 I feel a lot better with my energy back and I can easily breath through my nose but I still have no smell or taste whatsoever. Now I was planning on getting tested but I can’t get an appointment until next week.  Any thoughts?
I quit over text after trying to get ahold of my boss by a phone call and she wouldn't answer. I know it's very unprofessional to do so. She knows I was sick because I apparently caught it from a co worker but she said I can still come into work. Anyway, she told me I could call or text her to let her know what I was doing, so I tried calling her but she didn't answer, so I sent her a text saying that I wasn't comfortable with the job anymore. They have positive cases there, she even said that workers still have to come to work even if they're sick with any of the symptoms. I may have even been exposed twice. I'm proud of anyone making the sacrifice but I'm just not willing to risk the health of myself or anyone around me. So, am I the asshole?
I had a few questions regarding the upcoming vaccines that the articles haven’t really answered.   Or maybe they have and I just missed it.... anyways.

1-is the plan to have everyone get the vaccine whether they have the virus or not?

2-Will the vaccine eventually be something that is worked into a regular vaccination schedule much like the flu shot?   Or will it be something that people will only need if they test positive?

Thanks for any info!


I was wondering if the virus finds a new host more receptive if its prior host came from the same genetic family. This would explain why family gatherings (weddings, birthdays, funerals, etc) seem, and that’s a hard “seem”, to spread the virus more easily. Does anyone have knowledge either way?

I ask this for a cardboard package I received that has two holes on each side where it looks like its supposed to be handles for carrying a large cardboard box, I suspect that the item inside the package got exposed to the outside but inside the package, the item is covered in plastic. What website has an accurate chart for how long covid lasts on material? Should I just let the package sit for a few weeks, or can I clean and wipe with clorox disinfecting wipes right away? Its a electronic I ordered from ebay.
No wonder so many people are testing positive and getting this damn whatever it is and or also spreading it. 
Masks don't matter , nor do they work in my opinion 
And neither do some of these drive up testing sites of urgent cares in parking lots that can't even be bothered to answer their god damned phones when you try and call back. 
If it weren't for my hesitation Tonite and honesty and being forthcoming with my team at work at amazon ,  this could have resulted in more people being exposed to the virus at work, which is deemed so essential right now being it's amazon and people are locked down in their homes and so worried about shipping in public they would rather use amazon which tbh might have even created this virus or inadvertantly spread it for years already because of overworking people to death and not bothering to inspect packages for things like mold and or fungus from sellers boxing items in old old boxes that look like they have been through a flood in some basement. 
But anyhow I digress.  Maybe it's the confusion again - one of the viruses many symptoms I've read can occur. 
I almost wish I had no conscience and could be happy and enjoy a two week vacation but I can't because I don't think 2 weeks paid is enough to go to Hawaii and the place I went to that I found online talks about how they have testing for clearance for people traveling to Hawaii or something. Since my test came back positive I'm guessing that means even if I had the money a positive test would probably get me barred for now. 
Maybe, just maybe government never should have gotten involved with healthcare because now most of the government employees seem to have left for a permanent vacation. Maybe Hawaii.  Maybe my test was switched or got mixed up with one of the others. 
I better go rest before my head explodes from conspiracy theories 
Anyhow this is where I'm at right now. 
Speed kills
Its a week I’ve been infected to covid-19. The only sign of this illness ive is that ive lost my taste and smell for a week. Question is that can i start Training and workouts? Or i must wait until these senses back?

Hi everyone.

About 12 days ago I got sick with what I believed was COVID. My family got mildly sick as well. The symptoms were odd indeed. Even though we all got better fairly quickly, my cough progressed (from persistent dry to both dry and wet). I haven’t been able to sleep last week from coughing which gets horrible at night.

I subscribed to COVID positive board here on Reddit to get opinions and learn about experiences of others. I was motivated after reading many posts to get tested.  So I did the PCR test last Sunday (about 4 days after symptoms appeared). I knew not to visit urgent care because whether + or -, I knew I was going to get looked at by an professional medical team (with all due respect to anyone doing anything medical..  anything “urgent care” to me means means generic advice and invalidating experience as usual). This is why I saw no pointing in testing besides to calm down my own anxiety and hence is even selfish if it’s keeping my family up at night ... ANYWAY physician there told me there was no wheezing and oxygen was at a 100% so he told me to get Zyrtec to clear out the congestion in my nose (which I btw did NOT feel.. I have NO clue what he’s “on”). Sure Zyrtec i had subjective fever which tells you it’s allergies? And now Zyrtec is magically gonna help me breath and stop my cough? 0.o Anyone here or even google can diagnose a bit more reasonably than than that guy! 

A day later I made telemedicine app with my PCP. I told her listen I don’t care WHAT it is I just want to sleep at night and she prescribed me azithromycin. I felt better two days after. It WORKED.

My test came back negative. So now I’m thinking, was ANY of specific to COVID? Perhaps. But it happens with the influenza or any bad cold. Every time I have a viral infection I can’t breath from cough attacks at night. What do I know! Last year I was bed ridden unable to breath for 3 weeks because of the flu. 

My dad got much better quickly. Much better than me thankfully. But he went back to exercise and do heavy stuff again and today out of nowhere (12 days later) he felt slightly congested/sick again. We’ll see what happens next. I’m slightly nervous but I’m reminding myself it can also happen if you push heavy after ANY infection. He also pushed to get influenza vaccine two days ago so this could just the effects of that. (Especially when your body is depleted enough to fight an infection and you force it to prep for another one. Not cool. There’s a reason they tell you not to vaccinate when you’re sick. I guess this advice should be more specific to include “people recovering from infection” as well). 

I COULD freak out and get tested again just to make sure they didn’t miss it, but I’m deciding not to. Because I think I’d have to be one of the unluckily (20%?) of people who for some reason test negative via PCR during the PEAK of their symptoms. And if so, then I AND my family would have to be part of a possibly even a smaller group of people who NEVER lost or had altered taste or smell... the odds are against all of this. So I’m going to save whatever is left of my sanity and say no to further testing. 

Unfortunately staying on that board any longer was no longer beneficial for my own anxiety as it’s only going to reinforce my bias to keep thinking something is always going to get worse. So I unsubscribed. Although I benefited a LOT from reading posts in there, it was emotional and humbling. I could relate to so many things a lot of people have been through like the guilt and the scary experience of waiting. I truly wish NOBODY has to go through that. It’s a paralyzing experience and I didn’t even have it as bad. Whatever I had.


I don’t know why I’m posting this here. I guess a few Take Ways:

1. Call me selfish. But anxiety can suck even more than a virus. And be it COVID or not, it can and WILL make ANY infection worse (my experience as a young individual who exercises daily yet who is anxious about COVID lol.. having it 3x worse than my parents.. IS telling!). So instead of reading about COVID god damn 24/7 to reinforce my fears about false negatives or long term consequences like never being able to enjoy food EVER or EBV reactivation WHICH means cancer or my lungs never being the same again or my family never being the same again or any other stories I hear about “odd” unfortunate experiences of 20 something year olds in the ICU...  I’m JUST going to meditate or watch dog videos instead. Now this attitude unfortunately DOES remind me of idiots who don’t take COVID seriously nor wear masks because it’s like the “flu”. Nothing triggers me more than them. But to be fair, negative bias and reinforcing my fears by limiting my views to negative/shocking stories on the internet is just as narrow sited and harmful.
2. Challenge some of your doctors for god’s sake! If you walk out thinking “this was useless. I’m not taking this medicine/recommendation”. Maybe challenge them back and have them reconsider their decision because you’re not a number on a paper.
Do those awaiting the vaccine have a higher or lower risk of getting covid until they’ve been vaccinated, All other things being equal eg:

Higher risk, because covid has fewer bodies to infect and so the virus finds unvaccinated individuals more easily 

Lower risk, because covid isn’t spreading to those vaccinated and so there’s less and less virus being spread about

Selfish and ignorant people like this are the reason 2000 people a day are dying in the US! Right after my neighbor who’s a nurse just died of Covid trying to save others dying without their families present. This while she’s partying in Miami contributing to this pandemic.


https://imgur.com/a/M77VB5N


I recently received a report of a small covid outbreak among employees at one of the stores at the Kent Station. 

This store had reopened over the summer and at the time was doing a very good job of cleaning and sanitizing to ensure the safety of it's guests and employees. 

However,  like a lot of people during the pandemic, they became tired and stopped cleaning and sanitizing as often as they were before.  

Employees were notified via email on the 23rd and 24th of November that they had been exposed to covid while at work due to a fellow employee testing positive. For the safety and privacy of that employee no details regarding their exposure was released. They were not told if they had worked with this person or whom the person was. Employees were told that they had not spent enough time in close contact with the positive employee and would be okay since none of them were working with this employee for 15 minutes at a time. Unfortunately for the public and these other employees, they were told incorrect information by management and most of them continued working and did not take   the appropriate time off to quarantine.  Since then, another employee has tested positive for covid. To our knowledge, this particular employee has quarantined himself/herself since being exposed and hasn't had contact with anyone else outside of their home.

In regards to the employers comment on not being around the infected for 15 minutes or more at a time, this information is incorrect and the CDC states the following: Individual who has had close contact (within 6 feet for a total of 15 minutes or more)

https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/php/public-health-recommendations.html
On Friday, Nov. 20th, I took a PCR covid test before Thanksgiving, to see my folks.  They're in their 70's, so I wanted to be safe.  Test was negative.

On the 27th, I went on a camping trip with a few buddies.  My wife requested that I get tested when I get back in town.  On the 29th, I took another PCR test.  This showed up as **positive** for Covid.

On Dec. 2nd, I took a rapid test...result was negative.

On Dec 4th, I took another PCR test...result was negative.

Yes, I went a little overboard on the testing, but my insurance covers all testing 100%...and I wanted to be sure.  I've been in quarantine for just about a week now and haven't really seen my wife or son.

I've read that a false positive in a PCR test is quite rare.

Since I had a single positive test, is it likely that I had Covid, but with a very low viral load?  I have had absolutely no symptoms whatsoever.

Would an antibody test in a few weeks be the best indicator?


A close family member tested positive in March. He still has a really bad runny nose and migraines. He also has noted a change in his emotions. He said he is just not as happy as he used to be. He said he would describe it as a down in the dumps feeling. Has anyone else suffered any of these effects since recovery?
Hi, I (27F) was exposed to COVID on Thanksgiving (11/26) and the Saturday after Thanksgiving (11/28) before we knew my brother had it. He tested positive on Sunday (11/29).

I got tested Tuesday (12/1) and got negative results back on 12/2.

I went to get tested again on 12/4 and got results back today 12/5 that said "inconclusive" and I need to get re-tested.

I made an appointment for tomorrow at a CVS pharmacy, but what the hell does inconclusive mean! I'm freaking out.
My dad and I both experienced lymph node swelling and pain for 5-6 hours on the left side of our necks on 11/16. My dad tested positive a few days ago after having symptoms for 4-5 days prior to test. I felt fatigued and under the weather for about 6 days starting with the lymph node pain. Anyone else have any info on sudden but temporary lymph node swelling/pain and COVID?
I know each state is different but in general, who can you report a group gathering of people to? My roommate had a game night in October and didn’t even mention it to me. Four car loads of people just showed up. No masks. Should I just call the local law enforcement agency (Not the 911 number) as a “concerned neighbor?”


I am scheduled to take an exam for a professional credential next weekend. I signed up to do this back in the summer thinking the COVID situation would be under control by now. 

I was recently informed that the room will be set up so “we can be socially distanced so we do not have to wear masks” for the duration of the exam. The exam takes several hours and I am uncomfortable being in a room with 20+ unmasked people. 

I live in a area of the country (USA) where people don’t take the pandemic seriously but I expected that the organization that awards the credential would be enforcing guidelines. If I don’t sit for the exam it’s possible I’ll be throwing away ~$350 and all the time I have spent studying. I think I already know the answer, but I need to hear it from someone else. 

So, should I take a several hours long exam with 20+ unmasked people?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k7i1j6)

I wear a mask all the time 

I'm in TN where the national guard has to come in to work in the hospitals and drive ambulances due to short staffing 

Covid is still increasing

I was at the library, yesterday, and wasnt around anyone within 6 feet other than passing by and not stopping

I brought my own computer which I wipe down, including my phone. I used the ladies room (no one was in there), and I washed my hands and took the paper towels to open the door 

I woke up in the middle of the night (Friday 12/4) with a throbbing headache and chills.

I am 50 and have adult onset asthma, copd. I wasnt a smoker

I lost my job in the 1st week of April during Covid 

Today (Saturday),  I took 2 aspirins. 

I could barely eat the muffin this morning

Its 330 pm and I've been sleeping all day

I havent eaten anything else

I couldn't finish my OJ from this morning nor my coffee.

I drank water intermittently and peed it out

Right now I feel weak, slightly nauseous and tired.

My body feels weak.

I can take a Covid test on Monday. It takes like 3-5 days for results

I am so tired, weak, and I'm not hungry at all. 

The copd cough has always been with me

I dont trust those electronic thermometers. Are they accurate? I drove to a Walgreens to have the pharmacist check my temp. She stood far back so I'm not sure she got a read. She said 98

It doesnt feel that way

Right now I feel hot and no chills, but too tired to do anything
Is anyone else experiencing stomach problems even after their covid went away? I still have diahrea, nausea, vomitting, and just a sensitive stomach all around. my doctor has prescribed by anti-nausea meds, and IBS meds. They have also scheduled a CT scan of my stomach for next week. and I am 4 weeks AFTER my positive covid test results.

Hey all, I’m new to this thread.

Firstly, mine and my wife’s situation:

- She starts feeling sick on 11/30/2020. She gets a positive rapid test.

- I don’t feel sick at all, and I test negative with a rapid test. However, the provider said to assume positive since I’ve been in close contact.

- Wife starts feeling better on 12/04/2020, but this is the day where my obvious symptoms start.

- Therefore, our final quarantine day (based off of when I started feeling symptoms) would be 12/14/2020 according to the new CDC guidelines.

Secondly, we are concerned with the task of disinfecting the house. We were both sick, so we just lived our lives as normal, which included the entire house (it’s small). I’m wondering, if we were just to wait for one week AFTER quarantine (12/21/2020), would we technically have to disinfect everything in our house? Especially since we’ve let the virus die on all surfaces. Other than maybe throwing out things in the freezer and refrigerator.
We were going to go house buying in April but canceled that due to covid. In September things were really looking up and there was a ton of talk about vaccines being close to ready, so we scheduled our trip for December 8th-12th.
Well now we’re in the worst of it and I feel terrible for having scheduled a frikin flight in the middle of worst possible time!
We have stayed home since this started in February and we have quarantined for 2 weeks up until we leave this Tuesday, I took a covid test 3 days ago that came out negative but I still feel terrible about flying.
On the other hand, we kind of need a place to live when we move you know??
What would you do in this situation? Should we even be going? We lost like $1,000 canceling our first trip, but I’m really thinking about it again..
I started coughing last night. It woke me up and lasted for 10 min. Today i feel fine except for a sort of itchy feeling in my chest....like I'm going to cough but it hasn't reached that threshold yet. I have called around and i can not get a rapid test today.  I am schedule to work an overnight shift tonight and it will be really difficult to find coverage. When i'm at work i'm the only person there so i'm not hugely concerned about passing it around (i'd disinfect everything i touch). But on the other hand i really don't want to be responsible for bringing it into my workplace. I'm just looking for peoples experience with early symptoms....i alway hear... fever fever fever....but how common is it to just get a dry cough and no other symptoms? I took my temp and it is normal. I have to contact my boss and i know she'll tell me to stay home i just will feel like an asshole if it is nothing.
My family and I have been COVID-free, thank  goodness. We are taking the mask wearing and lockdowns seriously. I've seen some influencers posting about all the vitamins they're taking to boost immunity. Anyone doing this?

Wish me luck guys, I really hope it doesn’t come out positive. The reason I’m testing is because my brother tested positive and I had just visited last weekend. I feel like it is almost impossible to test negative because I was around him a lot without a mask (he’s 6 years old). My doctor said I should have worn a mask when visiting home but who wears a mask at home? I go every weekend, (I don’t at college), and it’s not like I can wear my mask 24/7 for two days, I don’t even have my own room anymore because it was given to one of my other siblings. So it’s not very realistic, I mean the government tells us to wear masks whenever we leave our homes, not inside them, but I didn’t tell the doctor anything

So I been getting Covid like symptoms since I was like 5. The way people explained how they felt when they had Covid is wat I been Experiencing my whole life. I get sick every 2-3 years which seem understandable to me because I rarely get sick so ofc my body would react a certain way. But the reason why I’m writing this is because I’m should be getting sick soon. the last time I was sick was in 2018 and I want to know if other people experienced this their whole life too and also had covid. I want to know how different it felt.




Update: I found out this morning my roommate has the Coronavirus. 
She is going to quarantine at her family’s house. 

Hey everyone, 
My roommate texted me this Thursday afternoon that she was around someone who now has COVID. She was at her parent’s house the weekend before Thanksgiving and that’s when her cousin who is the one with COVID was there (at her parent’s house that weekend). My roommate’s mom and dad had relatives over on Thanksgiving and my roommate was there as well. 

So, on Thursday, she also told me her mom left work (on Thursday) because she had a cough and a fever. Her temp was 102 degrees Fahrenheit. My roommate and all of her family members went and got tested on Thursday. She was texting me to say I might want to get tested just in case. She told me yesterday her mom’s temperature is back down to normal, but her Mom and Dad still felt a little achey. 

Edit: Just found this out, but my roommate’s mom had a COVID test on Monday and her test came back negative. She gets tested for work. So, then, she had a Covid test this Thursday and is still waiting for those results. 
I believe you’re contagious for 3 days before showing symptoms? 

My roommate told me she was just going to lay low for the next couple of days until she gets her test back. I also suggested that she may want to get another test (so it would be at least 5 days since she was around her Mom). She says she was around her mom a lot the past couple of weeks and so she would think she would have it if her Mom does. 

I got COVID tested yesterday. That would be 5 whole days later since I saw her Mom. However, I wasn’t even near her Mom. I also have not been within 6 feet of my roommate for more than probably a few seconds at a time.. maybe for a minute at the most, I want to say. I know you’re supposed to wait 5-7 days to be tested when you’ve been “exposed” to someone, which I know per CDC guidelines is 15 cumulative or more minutes within 6 feet of the other person. 


I have personally been extremely careful since March. In my own house, I even use napkins when touching handles, etc. because I have roommates and an extremely paranoid lol. And I constantly wash my hands.  So, although I live with my roommate, I honestly stay away from her, and the only time I was really around her was on Wednesday. She wanted me to come see her room. I was in her room for probably a minute. Every time she gets close to me, I usually back away. Also, I handed her scissors and tape to borrow, but that’s about it. I wasn’t wearing a mask.  She came in my room at one point to try to find my air vent because it seems like mine isn’t working.  However, I tried my best to keep my distance in these instances and they were very short. 

Also, on Sunday I was with my boyfriend who has a medical condition, making him high risk in terms of COVID. My roommate texted me to come meet her parent’s new dog, but I was with him and I didn’t go down until a couple of hours later to grab food. When I went downstairs, I was in the dining room and her mom and dad were in my living room. I talked to them down there just for a couple/ few minutes from a distance. I met their new puppy and the puppy did lick my face. 

My roommate moved her stuff in 3 days before Thanksgiving. So, she’s a new roommate, but a friend of mine. Her dad and two other friends came to move her stuff in that Monday (Nov. 23rd). Once again, I mostly kept my 6-feet distance, and/or stayed in my room, but I did help her bring in a couple of things upstairs. So, I was around them, but mostly at a distance and probably within 6 feet just in passing or just for maybe a minute. 

Her Dad came over on Wednesday evening to help her move a couple of things in, and the fire alarm was beeping. He was trying to fix it and was wearing a mask. I told him I would fix it. I touched the fire alarm, but I sanitized my hands afterwards. 



Do you feel that I have any risk/that I could have possibly contracted the virus? 

I don’t think this would even be considered exposure, would it?  

Am I worrying for nothing? What are your thoughts? 



Also to note, I live in an old townhouse and it has decently high ceilings and is pretty spacious. 

I am anxiously awaiting to hear about her mother’s COVID test results, and same with my roommate’s. Also waiting for my own, but just hoping that her mother and my roommate (or/and her dad and other family) don’t have the virus. 

I feel like my anxiety has been really bad and I’m trying be more logical with myself, but I still have a difficult time.

Edit: I found out my roommate’s mom got tested first on Monday for work and she was negative, but then she got tested again on Thursday because she started having symptoms on Wednesday.
My friend who is a physicians assistant said that you’re contagious for 3 days before showing symptoms. So, she wouldn’t have been contagious when I saw her on Sunday.  I think that would also mean my roommate wouldn’t have directly gotten it from her if she does have the virus. 

Now my roommate is saying that she’s losing her sense of taste and smell. WTH



Edit 2: I found out she didn’t go Black Friday shopping with her cousin who has COVID, it was another cousin she shopped with.  





Thank you so much for reading and for any insight or advice.
I got corona on November 14th so it’s been a good solid 25 days since symptoms appeared. I felt a lot better three days ago. I woke up yesterday having super heavy chest and just weird chest pain in general. I’m really not sure what to do. If anyone has any suggestions please feel free to leave a comment or DM me. My anxiety is really bad. My chest has never felt like this.


This is just a question, not sure if this is the right place to ask but my friend was infected with COVID a week ago, and he recovered after 3 days, showing no symptoms. This was 4 days ago meaning he hasn't showed any signs of COVID for 4 days. Is it safe to go see him or should I not take the risk?
Me and my wife both tested positive and have been cleared by our local Health Dept. I work in a jail, and my wife works a factory job only on the weekends due to the Pandemic. Kid is in school but they’re pretty good about their policy for Covid. 

My wife and I have talked about me leaving my job for something that’s safer both Pandemic/and mentally/physically. I’ve been put on Prozac due to higher anxiety this year during this pandemic. I’m an asthmatic and now a lot more overweight than I was this time last year. I’ve went to the gym a handful of times this year. Literally maybe 8. And 5 of those was a private gym. I used to powerlift, and it was a very good way to control anxiety and stress of day to day life. My question is for the people keeping up with the science more. What are the chances of Reinfection after a mild case of Covid. I would like to get back into the gym for mental health, and physical well being, but I’m worried about getting it again and this time being worse. And carrying it back to my work, and family.
I had an appointment in a therapists office this past Wednesday. We sat about 6-7 ft from each other and both wore masks. Just got a call tonight that she had been exposed to Covid from her son on Thanksgiving. He has mild symptoms. She doesn’t know if she has it yet. She has no symptoms so far.

I just have to hear from random people how likely it is that I brought it home. My toddler has a fever today and I’m trying to figure out if it’s teething or if I should panic.

&#x200B;

Here’s the simple, disgusting and unvarnished truth: the VAST majority of COVID-19 deaths were and are completely preventable. People aren’t so much being killed by a disease, but by politics and ineptitude. In fact, by *your* politics and your ineptitude.

Look, nobody else is going to tell you this, but if civilization is to go on you need to hear this: There is nobody to blame but yourself. This entire disaster, from the dead people to the economic and social crisis is absolutely *your* fault.

You were too lazy, too stupid and too cowardly to stop it.

Tonight, your head is going to have to hit a pillow. If you’ve any shred of human decency left, any moral integrity of any kind, you’ll suck it up, screw your courage to the sticking place and read the rest of this. Most won’t, because most people’s brains turn off when struck with cognitive dissonance and/or guilt on this scale…not to be redundant (but doing so purposefully so it sinks in): they’re too lazy, too stupid and too cowardly.

So if you’ve already stopped reading, fuck off and die, the rest of us don’t need you anyway. Go back to wearing your mask around your chin and thinking you somehow matter. \[Hint: ya don’t\].

For the few brave or just morbidly curious souls willing to absorb well-deserve abuse and pain, what you’re going to read is a tragic tale in which you are the villain. Sorry about that, I didn’t set out my day today to hurt people’s feelings, but sometimes the most loving thing we can do for each other as human beings is to do just that.

And this is going to hurt, because you are, in fact, guilty of mass murder. We all are. And yeah, I know that sucks to hear, but there it is.

So, here we go, my intrepid brothers and sisters.

· According to official *estimates*[***\[1\]***](https://www.reddit.com/submit#_ftn1), COVID-19 has killed about 300,000 Americans, and globally over 1.5 Million.

· The vast majority (90%+) of these deaths were *medically preventable*, having nothing whatever to do with governments or doctors, at a meager cost of about $15/month per person, with a regimen virtually any person can do and items at can be obtained over the counter at Walmart and any farm-supply store: Tractor Supply, IFA, Cal Ranch etc. Plus, we’ve mostly known this regimen for decades now, but for sure we’ve confirmed specifically that this regimen will prevent most COVID-19 fatalities since roughly February 2020. The fact you didn’t know that until reading this is the simple, irrefutable proof that you’re lazy, stupid and cowardly. Because it was out there. Admitting that to yourself will be a very helpful step toward resolving this crisis.

· We keep hearing that “COVID-19 is NOT the Flu”…and that is technically true, but what should *always* follow that statement is “But it should be.” Said another way, there is ZERO medical reason COVID-19 should be worse than Influenza in terms of being fatal for most people. That it is killing people at rates higher than the flu is on you, nobody else. COVID-19 is readily treatable, NOT requiring hospitalization and not requiring a vaccine. Hospitalizations, ventilators and vaccines are simply more evidence that you are lazy, stupid and a coward. Operation Warp Speed and vaccines are emergency last-resort measures that should never have needed to exist. It’s your fault that we need them, you could have solved this entire thing by the end of March. But you didn’t, and that’s on you, bud, nobody else.

· Masks, Lockdowns, Social Distancing, etc are all proofs of your unmitigated and absolute failure. *It didn’t have to be this way*. You didn’t do enough. In addition to the dead, there are tens of millions of Americans unemployed, hundreds of thousands of businesses destroyed. Millions of students not getting an education, untold psychological damage to kids. All because you were…you guessed it…too lazy, too stupid and too cowardly.

You still with me? OK, kiddos, so here’s the simple reality as to why this disaster is your (our) fault and also the recipe for solving it, not requiring emergency spending, not requiring vaccines. I mean, being totally honest it’s pretty much too late now, you already missed the boat on this one, but for NEXT time, assuming civilization goes on, here’s now to NOT fuck this up again, but this is also the fastest path back to ‘normal’ as you might think of it.

Long before Sars-COV-2 existed, each of us could/should have taken the responsibility to fight it. I mean, it’s not like we didn’t know how. Let me give you a few simple hints here as to why NONE of us should have ever even heard of COVID-19…we never should have heard of it because it should never have become a deadly disease to humans, but we were too lazy or too stupid or too cowardly to have taken the simple steps to prevent it.

i. You should have “prepared your terrain” to fight infections of this kind. Your terrain, in this instance, is your body…your body is basically a factory that can both produce more virus and can fight that same virus off (yeah, God really did a number on us, but you’ll have to take that dichotomy up with him). Preparing your terrain would have meant doing all the things we all know we’re supposed to do, but we don’t because… lazy, stupid, cowardly….let me throw out a few below just for kicks…

ii. Don’t be fat. Utterly preventable COVID-19 comorbidity, obesity also major cause of most diabetes, also a major comorbidity.

iii. Get good, regular sleep, especially 2-3 hours of sleep before midnight. Massive immunity booster against Coronavirus infections, [including SARS-Cov-2.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlbM6VVkVZM)

iv. Don’t smoke, don’t abuse alcohol or drugs.

v. Get regular, healthy exercise.

vi. Wash your hands correctly and often.

vii. Proper human beings know how to cough and, sneeze correctly. Politely and safely. If you don’t, it probably means you had terrible parents, but whatever, learn how to do it.

viii. Take Vitamins D, C, Zinc, Quercetin, Melatonin (at night)

ix. Upon suspected exposure to any virus (or any symptoms of viral infection show up in you), add Elderberry, Ivermectin and Aspirin until 2-3 days after symptoms abate.

x. If you have symptoms of a viral infection, you should self-isolate…physically (“stay the fuck home”) and by wearing a mask when you must be around others, and you should contact a doctor and walk in with the MATH+ protocol in hand. No, admittedly most masks do not prevent SARS-CoV-2 virus from escaping, but they do reduce the larger droplet-based spread, which tends to have a higher viral load than aerosolized spread, and starting a new infection with a low inoculum (initial amount of virus) is important to allowing the immune system to mount a good fight. You should also inform those people with whom you’ve had close contact that you may have an infection so they can act responsibly and with proper knowledge that they might have been exposed.

xi. If you’re older or have a pre-existing condition and there is a viral outbreak or viral infection risk, you should self-isolate, wear a mask, etc., and should take Ivermectin as prophylaxis even if you don’t suspect viral exposure. No, it’s not fair that because you’re older you have to do things that younger people don’t have to do. The question is how did you get to be old thinking life is somehow fair? It’s not, so suck it up buttercup. You are at greater risk, and also getting uglier by the day, that’s just how human life is. Can’t say it any plainer than that, just accept it and move on.

So, there it is. The above regimen has been known for years to prevent viral infections (in general), and to prevent minor infections from becoming major ones, including the specifics of Coronavirus infections, and now confirmed over and over again to prevent the specific Sars-COV-2 virus and related disease COVID-19 from being fatal. The vast majority (I’m going to say 90%+ or so) of COVID-19 deaths could have been prevented by each of us/you doing the above, and NONE of the above required a doctor, a hospital, a ventilator, a lockdown, or a vaccine, or any government policy.

Plus, the sad truth is that all of the above have been known for years, based on scientifically studies, published and available to ANY of us/you at any time. A few Google searches and 20 minutes of reading and you'd have known all of that.

You could have done the work to not be fat, but you were too lazy.

You could have done the work to learn the [I-MASK+](https://covid19criticalcare.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/FLCCC-I-MASK-Protocol-v5-2020-11-28-ENGLISH.pdf) and [MATH+](https://covid19criticalcare.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/FLCCC_Alliance-MATHplus_Protocol_v6-2020-11-12-ENGLISH.pdf) protocols and acted upon them, both pre-infection as prophylaxis, and post-exposure treatment, all on your own. You could have ensured your Doctor was aware of the I-MASK+ and MATH+ protocols, too – and yes, they SHOULD have done that work on their own, but since a huge part of defeating COVID-19 starts BEFORE you are sick enough to need a doctor, it’s still on you.

Any medical care professional not currently proscribing Ivermectin to ANY suspected-SARS-CoV-2 exposed person is committing medical malpractice. I mean that was true months ago, [but it’s super duper true now. ](https://osf.io/wx3zn/) And that’s why Fauci et al are killers. Recommending masks and lockdowns but NOT advising people to take Vitamin D, Zinc, Elderberry, Ivermectin if high risk or suspected-exposed is malpractice, and the fact that you’re out there accepting this from our ‘authority’ figures makes you an accomplice.

Yes, true, technically speaking Ivermectin is supposed to require a Doctor’s prescription for humans to take it, but it is available at any farm supply store (it’s used as a dewormer for horses), and it’s about $4 for enough to treat 6 people per the I-MASK+ and MATH+ protocols, and it comes in a tasty apple flavor.  If you are one of those people too scared to break these kinds of rules – well, remember that part where you’re a coward? Ivermectin kids, believe it.

You could have taken Vitamin D, Zinc, etc. You could have gotten proper sleep (Melatonin), you could have exercised.

Instead, you were too busy. You relied on ‘authorities’ like mass-murderer Anthony Fauci, who could have told you all to take Vitamin D and C and Zinc and Ivermectin. The fact that you relied on him or Donald Trump or any ‘authority’ structure is simply an excuse you’ve constructed for yourself to assuage your guilt at being lazy, stupid and that makes you a coward. If your excuse is that ‘nobody told me’ well fuck you, congratulations, your laziness (not doing the work yourself) and stupidity (being dumb enough to rely on some outside authority figure or structure) has resulted in 1.5 Million+ estimated deaths and Trillions of dollars in economic damage because policies ended up being implemented to make up for your laziness and stupidity.

And that’s all true, and undeniable, but most of you will not have the bravery to admit it to yourselves.

Stop falling back on the excuse of “The Government”. Here’s a hint for you kids in the back of the room: there is no such thing as “the Government” as some entity that is separate from you. Its you. You are the government. The Government is you, it is all of us, so when you’re saying The Government did this or that, you really mean you did this or that. Trump is your fault, Fauci, your fault and Biden/Harris, your fault too. Quit trying to blame others.

But, You say, the Government didn’t have a plan or didn’t have enough hospital beds or didn’t have enough PPE for nurses?

If you dumb fucks had been acting on the prophylaxis phase (and btw that phase is CONSTANT and NEVER ENDING) of COVID-19, by not being fat, sleeping more, eating right, getting exercise, taking Vitamin D, C, Zinc, Ivermectin, Elderberry…then we probably never would have even heard of COVID-19, because not enough people would have gotten sick and died for it to be a news story. You created the emergency that Governments were forced to respond to, not the other way around.

That has NOTHING to do with Uncle Sam. This is on you, on us, on each of us, and until and unless you’re willing to admit that to yourself you’re still part of the problem and this is definitely going to happen again.

It doesn’t matter if the virus came from a Chinese Lab doing Gain of Function research, or a “Wet” market or a bat or a pangolin or any of that. What matters is that you, yes I do mean *YOU*, could have done all of the things you should have been doing, all on your own, to prevent COVID-19 from becoming a global killer, but you didn’t.

We didn’t.

Most of us still aren’t.

You’re wearing a mask? Fuck you, that’s a sign of failure…more it’s *proof* that we already failed, team. We’re at “100 Days of mask-wearing” and lockdowns as policies because you were already too lazy and stupid which is what enabled the pandemic to become a pandemic.

COVID-19 is a very-treatable disease, it starts pre-infection and the protocol for curing it is known, available, cheap and for the vast majority of people, does not require a doctor, hospital or vaccine. And it sure doesn’t require lockdowns. But it does require you to pull your head out of our ass, to not be lazy and afraid.

So, get out there, get this right, follow the I-MASK+ and MATH+ protocols and make sure your doctor is following them too. COVID-19 is beatable, and we could have reached herd immunity WIHTOUT a high fatality rate and never needing a vaccine or lockdowns or any of that. Either you’re willing to admit that to yourself or not.

Good luck out there.

[\[1\]](https://www.reddit.com/submit#_ftnref1) The Government does NOT actually count COVID-19 deaths. They ESTIMATE deaths. Can you fucking believe that? Supposedly the worst disease in over 100 years, and Uncle Sam can’t even bring itself to actually tell us how many people it has actually killed. That is despicable and reprehensible. But you know what’s worse is that you fucking morons sit around and accept it. Until you read this, you didn’t even know this was the reality, did you? You see a “count” on CNN or Worldometer and just accept it as gospel. Why? Because you’re too lazy, too stupid and to cowardly. They weren’t hiding it from you, there is no conspiracy you use to mitigate your guilt or hide behind, it says so right on the [CDC’s website](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/excess_deaths.htm). They *estimate* flu deaths (every year), and they *estimate* COVID-19 deaths. Go ahead, go look, I can wait…. So no, nobody really knows how many people COVID-19 has killed in the US, it could be 300k, it could be 200k or 400k. And that’s your fault because you don’t demand it.
I’ve been exposed but I also have a chronic illness but I can’t tell what’s going on???
I tested positive for Covid around 4 weeks ago and I lost my sense of taste/smell. Eventually these senses returned but not to full (maybe like 30-50% back). However, these last few days I feel like these senses are going away again. Earlier today I could taste and smell most foods. But now I can’t taste or smell anything. Do you think I have caught covid again during these 4 weeks
My guess is 2 or so years what do you guys think I heard of the vaccine which might speed things up a little but I wanna know y’all’s opinion (I’m from the US btw)


Hello! So I have a question! I had COVID a few weeks ago, and by some miracle, I didn’t give it to my grandma even though we live together and were hugging up until I got tested. But she just tested positive tonight. What does that mean for me? Will I get it again? Will I be asymptomatic but still give it to people? Should I go into work (Starbucks) tomorrow?
I don't know about y'all but I have a lot of anti-maskers among my friends. Québec has been one of the main drivers of Covid-19 in Canada and I think it's no surprise that there is a HUGE community of anti-maskers here.

* \[VIDEO\] [Do masks work? MEGA ANALYSIS of anti-masker resources | #NotADoctor Ep 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeXAQdqns9A)

I looked into the beliefs of anti-maskers and the scientific studies they quote to back these claims, with this MEGA analysis of mask effectiveness.

I recovered nearly two months ago. Got my taste back for a few days then lost it again after a week. My taste would come and go(could only taste some meals) but for the past 2-3 days, I can’t taste anything. Going home for Christmas and I want to enjoy food. Is there ANYTHING that I can do do get it back? I got a test and it’s negative. Please help

Woke up this morning and puked. Not pregnant (certain). FYI took my prescription of adderall this morning which usually makes me productive but I’ve felt tired and cold all day.

Ate my lunch and tasted it some-what. I tried smelling garlic, alcohol, and anything else that is strong smelling and I feel like I somewhat have lost a little bit of my senses. Can anyone let me know if I should be worried? Or if it was a gradual process of losing these senses. Slightly worried.

What's the latest on the two vaccines by moderna and Pfizer found to be over 90% effective.

When are they going to be pushed into the marketplace and available for everyone in the US and UK?

Just curious about other peoples opinions. My office is allowing a co worker to continue normal work processes even though she explained she was exposed over the holidays to a person who has just tested positive for covid.... Mild panic attack from myself ensues. I thought surely they will handle it accordingly and shed have to quarantine... Nope. Their logic was she doesnt need to quarantine because the person she was exposed to does not permanently live under her roof.... I just wanted thoughts on how to deal because i am concerned.
To date, the 14 Million cases of US coronavirus account for 1.9 percent of US citizens. I think this is important to remember that less than 2 in 100 Americans have had it overall, seven months in.

    I’m sure there are plenty of unreported cases, but even if the real number was double, it would still be 4 in 100 Americans. 

    It’s especially important to me because I hear more and more people claiming they “think” they had it. Or that they know people who’ve had it twice. (Also not scientifically proven anywhere in the world yet). I believe this happens out of a desire for people to feel connected to the event. But having it should not be a badge of honor or something to claim otherwise. This does a disservice to legitimate victims of COVID-19 who suffered it already, or whom will still legitimately get it. 

    Also, facts and numbers are important, and can serve as a source of comfort to many types of rational thinkers

Weird, sort of morbid question that is on my mind. I listened to a podcast that surmised there will be 300-500k fewer babies born in the US because of the pandemic. Have there been enough deaths in minority groups or old age groups that our population's characteristics would actually be changed? I don't know the statistics well enough to know how many deaths for people over 65+ would make them a smaller % of the population than they were previously.

  
read the following blogs and article to be fit and healthy or even to boost your immunity during this CIVID-19 situation:  
[https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-fitness/health-news/keeping-a-healthy-heart-during-the-ongoing-pandemic/articleshow/78261150.cms](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-fitness/health-news/keeping-a-healthy-heart-during-the-ongoing-pandemic/articleshow/78261150.cms)

[https://www.heartfoundation.org.au/covid-19/food-and-healthy-eating-during-covid-19](https://www.heartfoundation.org.au/covid-19/food-and-healthy-eating-during-covid-19)

[https://newsroom.uhc.com/health/engagement/planting-the-seeds-for-better-health.html](https://newsroom.uhc.com/health/engagement/planting-the-seeds-for-better-health.html)
22 years old, ended up being exposed to COVID just under a week ago. I scheduled a test for later today, but I’m sure that I have it based on a dry cough and lack of taste and smell that started about 5-6 days ago. 

I had a dry cough and felt tired, then everything was fine for about a day and a half. After that, I lost my taste and began feeling like I have a mild cold. My girlfriend and roommate are quarantining in the same house with me due to exposure to me and they’re getting tested today as well. All things considered, I’m pretty lucky to be feeling as well as I do. Should I expect to hunker down for increased symptoms or is this a sign that I’ll be one of the lucky ones to escape with only mild troubles?

I can make them positive or negative, whatever you wish. I can make all dates match, whenever you'd like. I've done this multiple times with no complaints!! Even used it to take a 2 week paid vacation from work! $15 flat no matter the results or dates. Can provide info and proof. I will send the "Results" In a Pdf file to your email. Cashapp only. Snapchat The_dablab710 for samples and proof. I've done this for MULTIPLE people on reddit and have yet to have a single complaint! PM Me!! If you don't have a cashapp no worries!!!!! I'll send you a $15 promo code so in the end you actually pay NOTHING!!

I’m in Holland. I am aware Holland are not on the travel corridor list. I would like to come back to get my dog. I am told I need to isolate for 14 days. Now I understand but I don’t have somewhere to isolate. I have my house with my husband in it. He is in Bristol. or my parents house in Cambridge who are over 60 and are classed as “vulnerable”. Due to my situation being separated from my husband I have personal belongings I wish to collect from the house. I don’t plan on staying there just collect my dog and important items. If I am is it possible to do this? Does anyone know is there are exemptions for single people in between homes etc

So the fda banned get this 19 ingredients used in our soaps a couple years ago. .
How can this not eventually lead to a pandemic ? I mean seriously
I tested positive for covid 9 days ago... it started with a little congestion for a couple days, that one night quickly turned into severe sinus pressure. The next morning when I could not smell or taste, I knew, and went to get tested. Luckily the stuffiness and sinus pressure were the worst of my symptoms and subsided after only 3 days. Now, aside from still having no smell or taste, I feel great aside from two things: number one, I sleep for 12 hours a night straight. And number two, starting yesterday I’ve been getting ice pick headaches a few times a day. For those who don’t know, ice pick headaches come out of nowhere and basically feel like someone is stabbing you in the temple with an ice pick. It only lasts a few seconds but the pain is severe and disorienting. Anyone else have this symptom? Seems weird that it is just now appearing, but I guess that’s the nature of this thing. I don’t know how concerned I should be.
My family is full of practical virus-deniers and want to gather for Christmas. Don’t want to wear masks, etc.— just “let ‘er rip” mentality. Suggested getting everyone tested beforehand to no avail. What should I do?
Is someone still contagious if they are still coughing and sneezing a little bit even if it's been two weeks since they got their COVID positive results back? My dad caught it and we've managed to go this far living under the same apartment without me catching it by being careful. Should we continue to be vigilant or because it's been two weeks already should we be good to go back to living in the same house normally? He never suffered from serious symptoms, only sniffles, coughs and sneezes. They just haven't gone away yet. Is he still contagious or are we good? Thanks!
I've heard that vaccines will begin to be distributed to people with pre-existing  conditions soon, and I was wondering if Pectus Excavatum falls under that category.  I have moderate-severe Pectus Excavatum and my heart and lungs have to work much harder to transport oxygen due to being compressed, I get winded very easily.  Would I be eligible for a vaccine under the notion of having a pre-existing condition?  I also have athsma, but it's not severe.
Dukes of Hazzard, season 1, episode 13, double sting. Look it up and watch the first 10 minutes


I used to get flu shots, after my wife had a deathly ill reaction to one...i decided i would opt out from here on out. Why get a flu shot every year? Yes it mutates..but taking a shot... doesnt that circumvent our immune systems evolution? No shots for me. Ever again. Just looking for opinions not arguements.
My little niece is turning two on the thirteenth and her dad, my brother-in-law, tested positive. Her birthday is now canceled and my sister and brother-in-law are now staying home under quarantine. His parents have tested positive as well. I’m not close with them at all, my sister’s choice and I don’t want to get into it, and I’m so scared for them. I dork want to lose them. We have our differences but if anything happens to them I’d never be able to move on. 


I don’t know what to do or what to say. I sent my sister a text with well wishes but it feels so pointless. I already know so many people who have died from the vid, I can’t take losing anyone else.

My 11 year old son had a 3 week respiratory illness last winter that was different. Now that news came out that some people may have had it then, i was wondering if rapid antibody testing would show a positive or is it too long of a time frame?


So, I found out this week that my father who passed away 2 months ago, after an MI, was awaiting the results of a Covid screening test after he'd been taken in to the A&E department of his local hospital. The chest xray took longer than the initial 10-15 mins quoted and during that wait, he suffered a second and ultimately fatal MI.
He was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance and the paramedics said he would be going straight to theatre. That never happened. He never got to theatre. Because the policy was to screen ALL admissions, including an obvious "barn door" heart attack.
We have been told that blanket Covid screening is no longer the case........

 

Hello, im posting here on behalf of my mother (51,F)

My mother has to go to dialysis 3 times a week since none of her kidneys work, hence why i think the virus took such a huge toll on her. Can anyone suggest something for my mother's back pain, mainly upper back pain. It's absolutely excrutiating, i feel like it's killing her she cant get up or do anything, her SpO2 while with an oxygen mask (Max level) is almost always above 90 unless she tries to talk or switch sides, she's taken remdesivir today for the first time too. Does anyone have any possible suggestions that may help my mother in the slightest bit? Any advice possible is welcomed, thank you very much.
